Auto-clean spam after 15 days (configurable)

Avatar as a plugin
    Add plg_engage_gravatar to pkg_engage.xml
    Configuration (see https://en.gravatar.com/site/implement/images/)
        Show Gravatar profile link: Yes / No
        Allowed Rating: G (default), PG, R, X
        Default Image: Mystery Person, Identicon, MonsterID, Wavatar, Retro, RoboHash, Blank, Custom
        Custom Default Image: URL field
        Use default image: Always, When Avatar unavailable (default)
    onEngageUserAvatarURL(User $user, int $size = 32): ?string
    onEngageUserProfileURL(User $user): ?string
    [x] Comments model: use the aforementioned events

Guest posts: option to save name and email in this browser (use HTML5 storage)

Project Honeypot integration plugin
    Only implement onEngageCheckSpam

Send email notifications for new comments
    The plugin is triggered by the onAfterSave event of the Comments model and only in the frontend.
        Use FOF plugin events to trigger it
    Therefore it knows if it's a new comment or existing record being updated.
    Same idea as Akeeba Subscriptions emails, really.

    Content plugins convey manager email information for the asset (name, email address)
    This is merged with the component admins (core.manage or core.admin) to get manager emails

    Managers are always emailed for new comments, even if the comment is unpublished by default
        State 0 (Unpublished): A new comment needs to be approved
        State 1 (Published): A new comment was posted
        State -3 (Spam): A new comment awaits moderation

    If the comment is 2nd level or above we consider emailing the parent comment's author and all of the parent's children on the same level as our new comment but ONLY if it's published (state=1)
        If it's a new comment we REMOVE the email addresses of the managers from that list of users to notify.

    People need to opt out of emails
        Add a contact field, default 1
        Create controller task which allows you to unset the contact field
        The task requires a hash of commenter's name, email, ID and site secret to be provided for authentication (guest comments) OR the user to be already logged in (logged in comments).
        If the email loop sees at least one 0 flag the email is removed from the emails to be contacted by email
        Emails sent need to have the unsubscribe link at their bottom to comply with US CAN-SPAM Act and similar legislation

Display: when a parent is unpublished display a phantom comment ("This comment has been unpublished").

Backend interface
    Publish filter: 0: Unpublished, 1: Published, -3: Spam
    Warn about deleting a comment (its children comments will be removed as well)
    Report Spam / Mark as Not Spam links

DataCompliance and com_privacy plugins
    All comments filed by the user are unpublished and their text replaced with "This comment has been removed due to account deletion."
    Only applicable for comments filed while logged in.
    Guest comments are NOT taken into account, even if the email address filled in matches that of the user.

User Actions Log plugin
    Only for logged in users.
    We do NOT log filing new comments as activity.

Dark Mode, front- and backend, with an option to turn it on and off like all of our other software.

Per-category or per-article comment settings
    Comment privilege injected in com_content / com_categories?
    How does that interact with the com_engage privilege?
    Do I need my own permissions checker instead of going through Joomla?
    Maybe leave it for version 2?